LARIFICATION QUESTIONS — WORK ORDER MODULE
A. CREATION LOGIC

Who can create Planned WO? (Only system? Office? Ship?) 1. Planned work orders are automatically created by the software based on the maintenance frequency(calender/RH).2. User can create on demand work order from components sub-module section C. 

Who can create Unplanned WO? User can create this for an unplanned job eg in case of breakdown

Should Planned WO auto-generate ONLY from Jobs module? yes. the jobs in the components section c are the blueprints. WO must auto-generate. the nomenclature should be jobcode.WO-YYYY-01 like the jobcode-WO-year-Running numbers. this will help in creating a record also . 

Can ship manually create Planned WO?
yes planned work orders are automatically generated. 

B. ASSIGNMENT LOGIC

“Assigned To” dropdown — shows which ranks?
this will show the ranks of the particular ships, this data will be linked to other software-module outside pms which has master data of the ship.

Who decides assignment? Ship or office?
assignment is defined by the client's superintendent or office. We(software company) do not decide assignment that which job belongs to whom. 

C. APPROVAL WORKFLOW

Who approves Work Orders (Office? Chief Engineer? Both?)
the work order is approved by the head of department eg chief engineer for engine and electrical dept, master or chief officer for deck dept. this will be decided by the client's superintendent or office. We(software company) do not decide

Does approval lock Part A?
every work-order form section A is locked and immutable. 

After approval, can Part B be edited?
Part B is filled and the form is saved for approval.After approval no changes allowed, the form becomes immutable and becomes a proof of maintenance done and is stored in the database. 

D. WORK HISTORY

A5 Work History — should it pull last 3 WO or full list?
work history must show recent 2 entries, once the tab is expanded it must show all previous records. 

Is Work History tied to component or job?
work history is tied to every job and since jobs are linked to component all are tied together. for every job there has to be a record of maintenance done. so this immutable record must always be maintained for all the jobs. and the jobs will be listed under each component as already described in previous sub-module.

E. SPARES & TOOLS

In Planned WO, do spares come automatically from Jobs?
spares will be assigned in the jobs template, so that the user know which spares are required. they must be show Real-time ROB of the spares when he is filling the form. once saved the consumtion must reflect in real-time in spares module.  

Can ship add spares manually?
yes ships can enter spares manually, the spare code will be autogenerated to the next available code and other details can be filled by user. 

For Tools & Equipment, where does this list come from?
This list will be added from the maker's manual when creating the jobs. this will be entered in section A. 

F. RISK ASSESSMENT & CHECKLISTS

Are uploads mandatory for Yes?
No all uploads are not mandatory

Who can view uploaded forms?
everyone can view, user/office/company
Are checklist templates predefined?
yes they are usually defined by the client's superintendent. We dont design them.
G. RUNNING HOURS

Should B3 (Running Hours) update Component RH after WO completion?
B3 must show the previous running hours and a text box to enter current running hours when the user enters the rh after he has done the job and filling the work order form. 

Or is it only for reference?
one is reference , other is current data

H. POSTPONE LOGIC

Who has the authority to postpone? (Only Chief Engineer? Office?)
head of department chief engineer / master or chief officer - this will be defined by client's superintendent. 

When postponed, does Next Due Date replace previous?
when postponed it must also be logged in the maintenance history record of that job. the status will not show "overdue" in the main screen but it will not be marked as completed also. it will reappear again after the postponed date arrives. 

What is “Inform Office” supposed to do?
it is supposed to generate an alert for the office. It will be discussed in "admin" sub-module "alerts"

I. STATUS TYPES

What statuses exist? (Completed, Due, Overdue, Postponed, Grace P, etc.)
completed- for approved jobs completed
overdue- current date or running hours > when the maintenance was supposed to be done i.e due data or due running hours.
Due- shows the status in orange color once the work order form is generated as per the lead time.
postponed- for postponed work orders
GraceP is the grace period defined in the admin section when sometimes it is not possible to 

What is “Grace P”?
F	PERIOD

There may be cases where a certain maintenance is not practical on/before the exact due date e.g., Unexpected long port stay, Transiting a high-risk area, Critical operations underway etc.

For sake of practicality, Company allows a Grace period for the outstanding tasks before it requires escalation to shore management.
 
The Grace period is:
For Periodic maintenance:		End of the month when  GRACE the task becomes due.
F	If the task comes due in month’s last week, then 1 week from due date. 
For maintenance based on Running Hours:		168 running hours

Irrespective of the grace period, the job will still be counted as outstanding if it crosses the due date. 
Grace period applies only to the escalation to shore management.   



J. PERMISSIONS

Can ship edit Planned WO Part A?
Nobody can enter Part A , it is just immutable copy of the details present in jobs. User can fill part B only. 

Can ship edit Unplanned WO Part A?
yes

Can office edit WO after completion?
NObody can edit once the work-order is saved and approved. 