Yes, it's technically possible to switch the entire app to font-family: "Roboto", monospace; — but I'd strongly recommend against it. Here's an honest breakdown of the cons before you decide:
Cons of switching to "Roboto", monospace
The fallback is monospace, not sans-serif. This is the biggest issue. If Roboto fails to load (slow network, blocked CDN, offline users), the entire app will fall back to a monospace font (like Courier). Every label, button, table, and heading will suddenly look like code. Your current stack falls back to clean system sans-serif fonts, which is much safer.
Roboto isn't currently loaded. Right now you import Inter from Google Fonts. Switching to Roboto means either adding another Google Fonts import (extra network request, slight load delay) or self-hosting it. Until it loads, users see the monospace fallback flash (FOUT).
Tables will look noticeably different. AG Grid currently uses Inter via the --ag-font-family CSS variable. Roboto is wider and slightly taller than Inter at the same size — column widths, row heights, and text truncation across all your PMS grids (Running Hours, Work Orders, Components, etc.) will shift. You'll likely need to re-tune column widths.
Layout shifts across the app. Inter is designed to be very compact at UI sizes. Roboto takes more horizontal space, so buttons, badges, filter bars, sidebars, and dense forms may wrap differently or overflow in spots that fit perfectly today.
Number alignment in tables. Inter has tabular figures that line up nicely in numeric columns (running hours, dates, intervals). Roboto's default figures don't align as cleanly unless you add font-variant-numeric: tabular-nums everywhere.
Brand/visual consistency drift. Inter is the modern SaaS standard (Linear, Vercel, GitHub, etc.). Roboto reads more "Material/Android." Mixing it with your existing Material-inspired UI is fine, but it will visibly change the personality of the product.
The micro-frontend bundle won't be affected unless we also update client/src/micro-frontend/micro-frontend.css, so you'd see two different fonts in different parts of the app unless that's also changed.
Print/export views. Any PDF exports, email templates (reportEmailService.ts uses Arial), and report renderers won't pick this up — they each have their own font stacks.
What I'd recommend instead
If the goal is just to try Roboto, use a safer stack:
font-family: "Roboto", -apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, "Segoe UI", sans-serif;
This keeps the same safe sans-serif fallback chain you have today and only swaps the primary face. The literal "Roboto", monospace from your screenshot is almost certainly not what you want in production.
Want me to plan it?
If you'd like to proceed, tell me which version you want:
Option A (safe): "Roboto", -apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, "Segoe UI", sans-serif — swap Inter → Roboto, keep sans-serif fallbacks.
Option B (literal, as in screenshot): "Roboto", monospace — exactly as shown, with the monospace fallback risk.
Option C: Apply only to a specific area (e.g., tables, or numeric columns) instead of the whole app.
Let me know which one, and whether the micro-frontend section should match, and I'll draft a task for it.