I want you to update the same PMS Reports audit/master file so it becomes a true verification and troubleshooting reference, not just a descriptive report catalog. Right now the file is useful, but it is incomplete for debugging because it does not capture formulas, derivation logic, troubleshooting checkpoints, and verification references in a structured enough way. I need those added into the same file.

The goal is that when something is wrong in any report, I should be able to open this one file and understand:

what the report shows,

how each field is derived,

what formula or logic is used,

what source data is involved,

how to verify the result,

and where to troubleshoot if the output is wrong.

So please enhance the same file and keep everything in one consolidated reference document / master table instead of splitting into disconnected outputs.

Main requirement
The same file must now include formula-level and troubleshooting-level detail for each report, so the file becomes operationally useful for validation, testing, bug diagnosis, and reconciliation.

It should not remain only a business summary of reports. It must become a technical verification file.

What to add into the same file
For every report, add the following new fields/columns in the master table and detailed breakdown:

New required fields
Field / metric derivation logic
For each visible report field, metric, summary value, or status, explain how it is derived.
Example:

Days Remaining = dueDate minus current date in days

Overdue = dueDate less than today or beyond grace period

Shortage = minStock minus ROB

Utilization % = period hours or current usage divided by expected range

Approval Rate = approved count divided by total count

Exact formula / pseudo-formula
Add either:

the exact implementation formula from code,

or a pseudo-formula in plain English/math form if the exact code is too verbose.

Example formats:

daysRemaining = ceil((dueDate - today) / 86400000)

shortage = max(0, minStock - rob)

approvalRate = approved / total * 100

completionRate = completed / inScope * 100

Formula/code location
For each important formula, mention where it is implemented:

file name,

component name,

helper function,

service file,

backend method,

query/aggregation logic,

utility function.

Verification method
Add a field telling how a tester or developer can verify that this report is correct.
Example:

Compare with raw work_orders rows filtered by due date

Recalculate using source table and date difference

Validate count against API response length

Cross-check against spares ROB and minStock columns

Check anomaly classification against running_hours_audit row history

Troubleshooting guide
Add a field saying where to look if the report is wrong.
Example:

first check API response,

then frontend filter logic,

then date parsing helper,

then export mapping,

then summary aggregation function.

Input dependencies
Mention all inputs that affect the report output:

vessel,

date range,

report-level filters,

hidden assumptions,

current date/time,

grace periods,

thresholds,

criticality flags,

status mappings,

source table relationships.

Edge cases / failure conditions
Add possible conditions where the report may behave incorrectly or unexpectedly.
Example:

null due dates,

missing completion timestamps,

RH logs with meter reset,

spares without min stock,

duplicate work order links,

empty vessel selection,

export using outdated schema.

Expected output logic
Add a short “what should happen” statement for each report.
Example:

If due date is within 7 days and WO is not completed, it should appear in Due Jobs report.

If ROB is lower than min stock, it should appear in Low Stock Alert.

If running hours decrease between logs, it should appear as a Negative Delta anomaly.

View vs export formula parity
Mention whether the same logic is used in:

view mode,

PDF export,

Excel export.
If not, clearly say what differs and where the discrepancy happens.

Test case hint / validation sample
For each report, add a short suggested test scenario.
Example:

Create one WO due yesterday and verify it appears in Overdue Jobs.

Set minStock 10 and ROB 3 and verify shortage becomes 7.

Insert RH log 1000 then 950 and verify Negative Delta anomaly appears.

Required output format
Please update the same file into these sections:

Section A: Enhanced master table
Expand the master table to include additional technical-verification columns such as:

Category

Report Name

Purpose

View Columns

Data Source

Real / Dummy / Mixed

Formula Summary

Formula/Logic Location

Verification Method

Troubleshooting Path

Input Dependencies

Edge Cases

Export Match

Notes / Issues