The previous fix did NOT solve the issue. Please re-investigate the Work Order table column resize behavior in client/src/pages/pms/WorkOrders.tsx very carefully and fix the actual root cause, not just the width formula.

What is happening now:
After your previous change, the column still visually resizes from both sides when dragging. So even though you changed the calculation to clientX - fixedLeft, the rendered behavior is still wrong. That means the issue is deeper than just the width formula.

Important:
Do not assume the previous fix was correct. Re-check the full resize implementation end to end:

how header widths are stored

how <th> widths are applied

how <td> cells are aligned to those widths

whether the table layout algorithm is redistributing width

whether sticky columns, pinned columns, transforms, flex wrappers, or scroll containers are causing the apparent left-edge movement

whether the resize handle is attached to the correct DOM element

whether the dragged column width is being updated but then overridden by another layout rule
What I want you to do:
1. Re-read the full column resize flow

Inspect all of the following in client/src/pages/pms/WorkOrders.tsx:

column width state definition

initial/default column widths

header render logic

body cell render logic

mouse down / mouse move / mouse up handlers

any memoized column definitions

any styles related to table, thead, tbody, tr, th, td

any sticky positioning, transforms, left, right, translate, flex wrappers, or overflow containers around the table
2. Verify whether this is a real table resize or an apparent visual shift

I suspect one of these is happening:

the width of the active column changes, but the browser’s table layout redistributes the width in a way that makes the left edge appear to move

the <th> width changes but the <td> widths are not locked consistently

the header cell is inside a positioned/sticky wrapper, so getBoundingClientRect().left is not the true resizing anchor

the resize handle drag updates React state, but another render cycle recomputes widths from another source

there is a minWidth, maxWidth, width, or flex conflict

the column header content/container is centered or stretched, making it visually look like both ends are moving
3. Implement a proper one-edge resize model

The fix must ensure:

the left boundary of the active column remains visually fixed

only the right boundary moves

the active column width is the only thing being directly changed during drag

the table does not re-balance widths in a way that shifts the active column
Implementation guidance:
A. Lock widths on both header and body cells

Ensure the same width value is applied consistently to:

<th>

corresponding <td> cells
Apply all of these where appropriate:
tsx
width: `${colWidth}px`
minWidth: `${colWidth}px`
maxWidth: `${colWidth}px`
boxSizing: "border-box"

Do not rely on only width if the browser can still compress or expand the cell.
B. Confirm table layout is truly fixed

Keep:
tsx
tableLayout: "fixed"

But also verify no parent/container styles are indirectly forcing redistribution.
C. Remove any layout behavior that can shift the active column

Carefully inspect and remove/fix anything on the resizing column or its wrappers such as:

transform

translateX

left

flex sizing behavior

auto width recalculation

sticky offset recalculation during resize
D. Capture the correct anchor at drag start

On mousedown, capture:

startX

startWidth

the actual rendered left edge of the active <th>
But do not stop at changing the math. Also verify that this anchor corresponds to the visual left edge the user sees.
E. During drag, update only the active column width

In mousemove, compute the new width from the fixed anchor or from startWidth + delta, whichever matches the actual rendered DOM better. But most importantly, confirm through behavior that:

left edge is stationary

right edge moves
If clientX - fixedLeft still causes the same issue, then the correct fix is elsewhere in layout, not in the formula. Do not force that formula if it is not appropriate for this DOM structure.
4. Check for sticky or pinned column side effects

If any columns are sticky or use position: sticky, inspect whether resizing one column requires recalculating sticky offsets for subsequent columns. If sticky offsets are stale or recalculated incorrectly, it can create the illusion that both edges are moving.
If needed:

recompute sticky left positions after width change

or exclude sticky behavior from non-sticky columns
5. Add a temporary debugging pass before finalizing

Before concluding the fix, temporarily verify these points in code:

the active column’s left edge position before drag

the active column’s left edge position during drag

whether that left edge changes on screen

whether another style is overriding the assigned width
You do not need to leave debug logs in final code, but use them to find the real cause.
6. Acceptance criteria

Only mark this fixed if all of the following are true:

dragging the resize handle keeps the left edge fixed

only the right edge moves

no visual sliding of the whole column

header and body remain aligned

no regressions to scrolling, sticky columns, or table layout
7. Important instruction

Do not give me another “summary of changes” based only on code inspection. Actually verify the rendered behavior after the fix. If the issue remains, continue debugging instead of claiming success.
Deliverables I want from you:

The actual root cause you found

The exact code section changed

Why the previous fix failed

Why the new fix guarantees that only one edge moves